---
layout: post
title: "Quarrel"
image: quarrel.png
date: 2020-10-27 00:00:00 +0000
---
What if quarries could be cool. Sigh, what a nice world that would be.
...Hm, wait. There's no reason quarries *couldn't* be cool, is there?

# Introduction
Quarrel is a Forge mod for Minecraft 1.12.2. It is distributed under the
[Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
It will not be distributed on CurseForge; this is the official website at
carbide-sun.github.io.

# Downloads
Coming soon.

# Description
Quarrel is an alien-themed magitech mod centered around an extremely overdone
laser quarry. It seeks to answer the question "what if the Teckle Beam Quarry
was good".

To get started, first you'll need to find a Meteorite containing the "Krez" you
need to power the quarry. You can make these easier to get by creating a Yagi-Uda
Helmet and Transceiver to politely confuse the alien satellites dropping these
strange objects onto the planet. The Transceiver can be tuned to any frequency
between 1100MHz and 1300MHz in increments of 25MHz; based on the world seed,
each frequency has its own strengths and weaknesses.

The quarry talks in an intentionally-designed alien conlang and all words in
this conlang are written in a custom font. "Krez" gems are randomly generated
and have a wide variety of parameters, including color and cadence. Some kinds
of Krez are rarer than others; maybe you can find the ultimate one?

Krez are enchantable with any pickaxe enchantments and will be used by the quarry,
and take damage in the form of Whacks for all damage they do to a block. This
differs from durability since it applies even if the block isn't broken; relatedly,
laser quarries know how to work together and if two are mining the same block,
will break it faster.
